Documentation changes (second half): Use only a single README.md per device (#1610)
dotnet/iot: src/devices/SoftPwm/README.md

softwarePwmChannel.Stop();
```

### Full example

```csharp
using System;
using System.Device.Pwm.Drivers;
using System.Threading;

class Program
{

    static void Main(string[] args)
    {
        Console.WriteLine("Hello PWM!");

        using (var pwmChannel = new SoftwarePwmChannel(17, 200, 0))
        {
            pwmChannel.Start();
            for (double fill = 0.0; fill <= 1.0; fill += 0.01)
            {
                pwmChannel.DutyCycle = fill;
                Thread.Sleep(500);
            }
        }
    }
}

```

## Performance Considerations

> The high precision software PWM is resource intensive and is using a high priority thread. You may have resources issues if you are using multiple high precision software PWM. Always prefer hardware PWM to software PWM when you can have access. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The high precision software PWM is resource intensive and is using a high priority thread. You may have CPU performance issues if you are using multiple high precision software PWM outputs. Always prefer hardware PWM to software PWM when possible. 
```
